today we prepare a recipe with that
that put me in the fridge a
a little bit of mortadella a little flat
spicy a little bit of raisin a
little bit of speck maybe in this case
of use to prepare a meeting a
salami base and for this preparation
I also need some tomatoes
pine nuts datterini
I was slightly baked eight
I like them better in this
preparation is a bit of aromatic herbs
sage and rosemary thyme the
parsley extra virgin olive oil and a little
of salt pepper to taste
then we begin the preparation
Meanwhile, cut the cherry tomatoes
even here we make cubes then
we make these cherry tomatoes
jump yourself in a pan with
oil with extra virgin olive oil
take the shallots to clean and
debris years
let's try to make them quite fine but
it doesn't really matter to make them mush or
I think quite big stairs
that the medium will be could also be
just put the pan on
fire we put the oil
themes let's brown quickly
I'm thinking view of a shallot
before that in blond ska
add the meats we do it
flavor well
we always keep the flame very high
so that we have a browning and not
a boiling at this point we can
take our glass of wine
white and put in a medium
let's leave the glass to fade for good
because we want it to evaporate all over
the acidity of the wine
now add the tomatoes that
we have previously jumped into
this recipe we could also use gods
dried tomatoes so we avoid perhaps
this phase of cooking that you can but
some people slow down the kitchen slows down
we say that this preparation results
already quite tasty if we put the
dry tomatoes will certainly become
even tastier so I recommend it
to use fresh tomatoes and indeed
try not to add salt during
the preparation because in the end we will have
really a too tasty dish
waiting for the tomatoes to be ready
we can also add before the
cherry tomatoes and immediately the cherry tomatoes
half of the chopped herbs that
we prepared earlier then
add the tomatoes we make
add flavor for a moment we put the
pine nuts that car was slightly in
oven before this preparation
we can put out the fire and add
the chopped herbs are set on fire
aromatic that we did not put before
here we are
the dish is ready our ragù of
cold cuts and ready we can use it
on a short pasta like strozzapreti a
what I'd like to do